---
date: '2025-12-13T22:49:32+08:00'
title: 'Specific：Ban on the Use of Domestic LLM Services'
draft: false
---

Dear developer friends:

Based on the decision of the development team of Boogon Agora, we are now officially issuing **a ban on the use of domestic large language model services** throughout the Agora. This ban will take effect from 0:00 on December 14, 2025, and last for 90 calendar days (calculated on a 24-hour basis), ending at 24:00 on March 13, 2026. During this period, Boogon Agora will suspend all research and development activities related to domestic large language model services.

Regrettably, at present, domestic large language model services fall short of the Agora's requirements for service quality in terms of core performance and actual performance. Regarding service stability, most model service providers have encountered issues such as delayed responses, inaccurate results, and connection refusals, failing to earn the widespread trust of the Agora. Although domestic large language models have made significant progress compared to the past, there is still a notable gap when compared to the Agora's expectations. We will continue to keep a close eye on the development trends of domestic large language models and look forward to them achieving breakthroughs in the future and meeting the demand standards of Boogon Agora. At that time, we will resume the use of domestic large language models.

In the meantime, the Agora has initiated research and evaluation work on foreign large language model products. We plan to conduct a comprehensive and in-depth assessment of mainstream foreign large language models over the next year, in accordance with the Agora's service quality requirements. The assessment will cover various aspects, including the model's technical architecture, innovation capabilities, scalability in application scenarios, compliance, and performance abilities, aiming to select high-quality model products that truly align with the development needs and expectations of Boogon Agora.

Once again, we thank you all for your continuous support and trust in Boogon Agora. We anticipate that domestic large language models will truly make substantial progress.

{{% right %}}
Boogon Agora Development

December 13, 2025
{{% /right %}}